I understand that you cannot provide opinions, nor suggest, any type of therapy. 
My son (dob - [DATE]), was called back to the hospital four days after birth due to a abnormal PKU, which suggested adrenal hyperplasia. After test the endocrine physicians felt he did not have the condition. Several years later he began having severe headaches preceded by violent vomiting episodes 
that lasted for hours. When he was admitted to [ORGANIZATION],  he was suffering from bleeding esophagal ulcers,  and severe dehydration and, malnutrition. His urine (24 hr), blood plasma, & VMA, showed increased values of catecholamines. He also demonstrated intermittent hypertension, and tachycardia throughout the day (he had been diagnosed with ADHD several years earlier). His MIGB clearly showed bifocal uptake in both adrenal glands. The mri did not show tumors at that time ([DATE]. He has since been diagnosed with antral polys (biopsies taken were misplaced, and the gastroenterologist would not redo the test), aberrant right subclavian artery,  esophagus pushed to the side, low oxygen intake, high levels of gastrin, cyclic vomiting syndrome, severe sinus attacks that come and go, without infection present. 
His symptoms that I have not already include heat intolerance, pallor, poor appetite with little weight gain, anxiety, tremor of hands, and stomach pain. After his mri, which I was told would take about 45 mins, took over 5 hrs. Since then we have been having no luck with finding doctors that will take my son as a patient. Are you able to suggest a hospital that is knowledgable with pheochromocytomas? My son's father is mia, but during our 7 yrs together,  he also suffered severe headaches, and intermittent hypertension. He never followed up with a physician. Any help would be appreciated. I do not know what to do, and I do not want my son to end up a statistic.  Last night his BP was 180/115, with HR-50, half hour later his BP was 68/44 with HR of 122. I fear he is going to go in shock